Translated by google. 

# Playbook
Codestyle, conventions, etc. for Rubynor

## Version Control
- Use feature branches. The branch name must be in kebab case (my-super-branch, not my_super_branch). The name must clearly describe what the change consists of.
- Commits should preferably do one thing.
- Use meaningful commit messages. Remember that commit messages are a help to people who read the code and try to understand why things are done. Good examples: `Bug fix: The representative jumps to the bottom of the list when they are updated`, `Tables for meetings`, `Make the login button more visible in the menu`. Bad examples: `Fixed a bug`, `WIP: Trying to fix representatives`


## Checklist before making a pull request
- Read the diff on Github before creating the PR and see if you find any errors
- Is there an incorrect code here? In that case - remove.
- Are there print statements and other debug here? In that case - remove.
- If there are migrations:
  - Do they have a reasonable name?
  - Will they work without having to reset the database?
  - Have you updated seed data?
  - Have you migrated existing data? (Example: If you add a constraint that all `Meetings` must have a `status`, you must ensure that all current meetings also get a `status`)
- Do new fields have reasonable default values? In particular: Do boolean fields have a default value?
- Cover the pull request one and only one change? If not, consider splitting up your PR in several.
- Have you introduced new n + 1 queries?
- Are there any indexes on all database fields that you access?
- Have you added all the files?
- Have you removed autogenerated files (especially from rails generate)?
- Have you used variables, method parameters, gems, imports etc earlier that you forgot to remove?
- Are the tests running green?
- Have you written new tests for the changes you have made?
- Have you tested that it works locally on your own machine?
- Have you thought of all edge cases?
- Is the industry rebased against the last master?
- Have you accidentally introduced anything by a merge / rebase that should not be there?

## Checklist after making a pull request
- Does Semaphore complain about anything?
- Complaint Code Climate on something?
- Do review apps work?

## When the PR is ready for review
- Put the card in the "review" column in Trello
- Notify Slack that it is a PR ready for review
- Get feedback from at least one reviewer. Just wrong, ask if there's anything you're wondering about.
- Notify when you are ready for a new review
- Continue with this circle until a reviewer gives you thumbs up for merge
- Merge into the master - please do a rebase to merge together the fists
- Delete the branch when it is merged
- Check that staging works since the master automatically deployes to staging
- Move the card to the 'done'-column in Trello

## Checklist if you have promoted staging for production
- Have you run rails db: migrate if there are database changes?
- Have you checked that it works? If there are two or more "user types", check with everyone
- Have you added anything that requires setup on Heroku? For example, first deploy who uses email - then send grid or similar must be set up

## Style Guide

### Rails
Follow https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/style/rails

### Ruby
Follow https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/style/ruby

## Tools

### Trello
* Backlog (scheduled tasks)
* Doing (What you are working at right now)
* Review (tasks in PR review)
* In production since last customer meeting
* Done

#### Conventions
* Remember to assign yourself to a task when you get started (and not long before)
* Before you take a new task - be absolutely sure you do not get on with the one you are already working on and that what you are doing is completely done, according to this guide
* When it's you who have programmed the task, it's your responsibility to make sure it's all the way to production - it includes wondering if people do not give you code review and actually pushe things to the staging and production environment (and test that it works when it is in these environments)
